Update audit.md (#32320)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/audit.md

by applications that use the Kubernetes API, and by the control plane itself.

Auditing allows cluster administrators to answer the following questions:

> 

Reviewer: We'd better keep the empty line because it improves readability.
It serves a separator between the paragraph and the list.

Reviewer 2: > We'd better keep the empty line because it improves readability. It serves a separator between the paragraph and the list.

+1

<!-- body -->

> In order to enable the auditing  , two flags must be added to api server configuration as explained below :audit-log-path and audit-policy-file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to enable auditing, two flags must be added to the API server command line as explained below:
`--audit-log-path` and `--audit-policy-file`.
```
